Releases/0.6.0 (#146)
trulysimple/tsargp: packages/docs/pages/docs/library/styles.mdx

terminal's right boundary when being wrapped. This feature is used by the formatter in the help
message's [description column].

## Messages

There are different kinds of text content that an application might print in a terminal. We call
them "messages" and provide a specific class for each kind of message that the library may produce.
For convenience, all message classes have a `toString` method and a `message` property, both of
which can be used to obtain a normal `string{:ts}`.

<Callout type="default">
  All messages produced by the library are instances of one of the classes described below. So you
  can check the kind of a captured message through `instanceof{:ts}`.
</Callout>

### User-facing messages

> These messages are meant to be consumed by humans. Each kind of message uses a default terminal

Author: ```suggestion
User-facing messages are meant to be consumed by humans. Each kind of message uses a default terminal
```

  the associated stream will not have a `columns` property, thus disabling wrapping and, possibly,
  omitting styles.
</Callout>

#### Warning message

The `WarnMessage` class is a specialization of the ANSI message that uses the width of the standard
_error_ stream (`process.stderr.columns{:ts}`) by default. It should be printed with `console.error`
or equivalent.

#### Error message

The `ErrorMessage` class is a specialization of a warning message that actually derives from the
standard `Error` class. It should be printed with `console.error` or equivalent.

#### Version message

A version message is a plain `string{:ts}`, so it has no wrapping. However, it may be remodeled in
future versions of the library to accommodate new features. It should be printed with `console.log`
or equivalent.

### Machine-readable messages

#### JSON message

The `JsonMessage` class represents a message in JSON format. It is intended for consumption by
introspection tools and other text-processing applications. It should be printed with
`console.log` or equivalent.

#### Text message

The `TextMessage` class represents a list of text lines. It is used by the library in two places:

> - by the [parser] to throw [completion words], in which case it is meant to be consumed by

Author: ```suggestion
- by the [parser] to throw [completion words], in which case it is meant to be consumed by the
```
